TINY-9823: Fix inserting lists with noneditable selection (#8751)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Typing after deleting formatted content could remove a space at the start of the typing. #TINY-9310
- Invalid markup in Notification and Dialog close buttons. #TINY-9849
- In dialogs, an incorrect `aria-describedby` attribute caused the body of the dialog to be announced when using a screen reader. #TINY-9816

> - `InsertOrderedList` did not work if there was a `contenteditable=false` element with selection. #TINY-9823

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `InsertOrderedList` did not work if there was a `contenteditable=false` element within the selection. #TINY-9823
```

> - `InsertOrderedList` did not work if there was a `contenteditable=false` element with selection. #TINY-9823

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Applying lists did not work if the selection included a `contenteditable=false` block element. #TINY-9823
```
